Add initial documentation about role usage (#84)
sensu/sensu-go-ansible: docs/source/sandbox.rst

> Settign up a demo environment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setting up a demo environment
```

=============================

> If we would like to set up a simple Sensu Go sandbox, we just need a following

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set up a simple Sensu Go sandbox, we just need the following
```

playbook::

   ---
   - name: Install backend
     hosts: backends
     become: true

     tasks:
       - name: Install backend
         include_role:
           name: sensu.sensu_go.backend
         vars:
           backend_config:
             # Place your configuration here

   - name: Install agents
     hosts: agents
     become: true

     tasks:
       - name: Install agent
         include_role:
           name: sensu.sensu_go.agent
         vars:
           agent_config:
             # Place your configuration here

When we run it, it will install and configure backend and agents on selected
hosts. Note that we do not need to inform agents explicitly where the backend
is, because the role can deduce this on its own if the backend host group is

> named ``backends``.

Author: This is the result of missing a `backends` group:

```
fatal: [192.168.50.5]: FAILED! => {"changed": false, "msg": "AnsibleError: Unexpected templating type error occurred on (---\n#\n# {{ managed }}\n#\n\n##\n# Sensu agent configuration\n##\n{# -------------------------------------- #}\nbackend-url:\n  {% for url in agent_backend_urls %}\n  - {{ url }}\n  {% endfor %}\n{# -------------------------------------- #}\n{% if agent_log_level %}\nlog-level: {{ agent_log_level }}\n{% endif %}\n{# -------------------------------------- #}\n): 'NoneType' object is not iterable"}
```

Now, before we can run this playbook, we need to prepare an inventory file.
The inventory should contain two groups of hosts: backends and agents. A
minimal inventory with only two hosts will look somewhat like this::

   all:
     vars:
       ansible_user: vagrant
       ansible_ssh_common_args: >
         -o IdentitiesOnly=yes
         -o BatchMode=yes
         -o UserKnownHostsFile=/dev/null
         -o StrictHostKeyChecking=no

     children:
       backends:
         hosts:
           192.168.50.4:

       agents:
         hosts:
           192.168.50.5:

> You can safely ignore the ``ansible_ssh_common_args`` if can reach your hosts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can safely ignore the ``ansible_ssh_common_args`` if you can reach your hosts
```

via ssh. We just left it there since this snippet comes in handy sometimes.

> All that we need to do now is run the playbook::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All that we need to do now is to run the playbook::
```
